h1. Eggs

Eggs is a tool to help small meat farms manage their community supported agriculture programs (CSAs).

h2. Who is it for?

h3. It was built especially for CSAs which:
* Have centralized pickups (rather than direct deliveries to customers)
* Accept orders for products which only have an estimated price until they are weighed (such as chickens and cuts of beef)
* Let members "top up" and carry a balance from month to month, from which their final order total is deducted after weighing.
* Don't require a monthly commitment

h3. It is not so good for CSAs or farms which:
* Have a single flat-rate product, such as a fruit or veggie box
* Need automatically recurring billing or orders
* Require a monthly commitment

h2. Some Features:

h3. Members of a CSA can:
* Join a CSA for a specific farm
* Submit an order for any open delivery
* Edit or cancel their order up until the delivery closes for orders
* View their balance and any previous transactions
* Receive a customized email once their order is finalized (weighed and priced) with the final total and any amount due.

h3. Managers of a CSA can:
* Manage members
* Enter transactions for a member's balance (debits/credits)
* Manage products which the farm offers
* Create a delivery with available inventory (total available and per-person maximums)
* Define available pickup locations
* Accept orders and view inventory status
* Print bag/box labels and packing lists for farm use
* Export delivery data
* Email members

h2. Status

Eggs has been rolled out to two farms, but a lot of things are still missing UI pieces (you have to send emails from the commandline, at the moment).

We have a bunch more features in the works, including PayPal integration.  I'd love some help, so please contact me if you're interested: kathryn@kathrynaaker.com

It's released under the MIT license, so use freely!

h2. Thanks

* Bonnie Powell, the intrepid manager of Soul Food Farm and Clark Summit Farm CSA programs, who inspired and guided the project.
* Alon Salant, for much mentoring and help with importing
* Arena Reed, for some early UI sketching and brainstorming